java c
CEN405 – Sustainable Drainage   Systems
ASSIGNMENT TITLE: Problem Solving Practice (Final)Aims:   To   enhance   students’ understanding   on how the   fundamental principles   and   concepts   of   Sustainable Drainage Systems are applied in the analysis and solving of   some practical problems   related to water resources engineering and drainage engineering.
Requirement: Kindly clearly write your student ID on your submission
At the end of   this assignment, a student   should   be   able   to   (Learning   Outcomes   Assessed:   A, B, C,D,E, F):
Recommended Reading: Refer to Lecture Notes/Tutorials on Learning Mall OnlineA.   On         the      basis         of         firm            understanding            of         advanced            hydraulic            and         hydrological   concepts,   to   predict   the   frequency   and   magnitude   of   extreme   storm   events   for   the      design   and optimization of   urban drainage systems.
B. Assess         the      functionality,         application       and         selection       of      Sustainable      Urban      Drainage Systems   (SUDS) and   appreciate   the   significance   of   water   re-usage   and   utilization.
C. Appreciate      the      impacts      of      flooding,      estimate      flood      risks      and      apply      flood      estimation procedures   for   flood   protection   and   control.
D. Design   permeable   pavements   and   appraise   the   importance   of   road   drainage.
E.   Appraise      the      importance      of    consulting       the      local      and      international      regulations      and   directives (Environmental   Agencies and   Local   Authorities).
F.   Appreciate         the         significance         of         sustainability         in         water         resources         engineering         and sustainable   urban drainage systems.
Note:
For calculation questions (questions   1   and 2):The   values   of A,   B,   and   C   should   be   obtained   from   your   own   student   ID   number.   For   example, if   the last three digits of   your own student ID number end with   123, then take A   as   1, B   as 2,   and   C   as   3.
For questions on review and   practical ideas   (questions 3   and   4):The   review   and   your   practical   ideas   should   be   supported   by   at   least   three   recent journal   articles (i.e. journal articles published from 2014 to 2024).   For   review,   you   should   review the most important points in those   journal   articles   and   describe the   essence   and   relevance of   the   selected   journal   articles. For   practical   ideas, kindly   note   that   you   can   refer   to   these same journal   articles but they   are   meant   to be   supporting   information   and you   should   be focusing on   providing your own in-depth analysis of   the scenario and giving   practical ideas   of   solution. As a guide, the total length of   the review and your   practical ideas can   be around   3 pages.   The references   for the journal   articles   should be   cited   as   in-text   citations therein   all your   answers   and the   complete references to be   given   in   APA   style   at   the   end   of   your   answer.


Question   1   [25 marks]
a)                   The following dataset shows the observed times between rainfall events at a given location,   i.e. x =   {5.A, 7.B,   10.C, 9.A, 6.B, 8.C,   11.A,   13.B, 9.C, 4.A,   8.B,   9.C,   10.A,   8.B,   5.C,   6.A,   9.B,   12.C,   14.A, 6.B,   8.C, 7.A,   11.B,   10.C,   12.A, 9.B,   10.C, 5.A, 6.B,   8.C,   7.A,   9.B,   11.C,   12.A,   15.B,   11.C, 8.A,   10.B, 9.C, 4.A, 6.B, 5.C,   9.A,   11.B,   12.C,   5.A, 7.B,   10.C,   9.A,   8.B,   5.C, 7.A,   11.B, 12.C} in   days.   Using   the   methods of   moments and   the given data, determine   the   parameter   θ of   the   probability   density   function   (pdf) f(x)   =   θcos(x)   for   0   ≤   x    ≤   π   .                   [10   marks]
b)                      It has been hypothesized that the observed dataset in   (a)   follow   an   exponential   distribution f(x)   =   λe−λx            for   x   ≥   0, where   the   parameter   λ   = x/1, where   ̅(x)      is   the   average   value   from   the dataset. Perform. a χ2-test to examine   the   goodness   of   the   fit   for   a   significance   level   of 10%.       [10   marks]
c)                      According   to   the   answer   in   (a),   provide   a   brief   qualitative   discussion   on   the   probability density function to determine the flood frequency   analysis.       [5   marks]


Question 2   [25 marks]
a)                         The record   of   the   annual peak   floods   of a   stream   is   given   as   follows: X =    {10A.B,   9B.C,   8A.B,   9B.C,   11A.B,   12B.C,   14A.B,   15B.C,   13A.B,   9B.C,   11A.B,   10B.C,   8A.B,   12B.C,   15A.B,   11B.C,   10A.B,   9B.C,   8A.B,   15B.C,   12A.B,   13B.C,   15A.B,   10B.C,   9A.B,   10B.C,   11A.B,   14B.C,   12A.B,   13B.C,   9A.B.,   12B.C}   m3/s.   The   data   have   been   hypothesized   to   follow a Gumbel distribution. Determine the return period of   the event that the annual peak   flood on the river exceeds   120 m3/s.  代 写CEN405 – Sustainable Drainage SystemsStatistics
代做程序编程语言     [10   marks]
b)                      Using the same dataset in (a),   determine the probability of   the annual peak flood being less   than or equal to   115 m3/s. Also,   calculate   the probability   of   this   event   occurring   at   least   3   times in the next 4 years.       [10   marks]
c)                      According    to    the    answer    in    (a),   provide    a   brief   qualitative   discussion   on   the   Gumbel   distribution to determine the flood frequency analysis.       [5   marks]
Question 3   [25 marks]
a)                         Global warming   has resulted   in many   detrimental   environmental   implications   and   one   of   the    consequences    is      increased      frequency      of    urban    flooding.      The      current      task      is      to   investigate the impacts of   global warming on   urban   flooding   by   using   a   case   study   in   one   country (this country can be any country in the world).   You   will   need   to   review   the   recent   developments   on this   issue   (e.g. the   occurrence   of   urban   flooding   due to   global warming and    the    deleterious    harms    that    the    global    warming    has    resulted    in    relation    to    urban   flooding)   and   then   elucidate   your   own   suggestions   of practical   ideas   on   the   following   aspects:   i)   How   to   improve   the   current   design   of   sustainable   urban   drainage   systems   (SUDS) so that it can address the effects   of   urban   flooding   as resulted by   global warming,   and   ii)   How   to   develop   more   effective   prediction   models   in   relation   to   monitoring   the   phenomenon   of   global   warming   so   that   the   flooding   impacts   can   be   minimized.       [12   marks]
b)                      There   are many   low impact   development   (LID) practices which   can be   adopted   in   order to   address   the   urban   flooding.   Among   these   approaches,   permeable   pavement   is   one   of the   commonly adopted technique and its efficiency has been proven to mitigate the impacts of   urban   flooding.   In   an   attempt   to   achieve   circular   economy,   it   is noteworthy that utilizing   waste   tires   in   permeable   pavements   is   one   desirable   technique.   The   current   task   is   to   investigate the adoption of   permeable   pavements which employ waste tires in its design by   using a case study in one   country   (this   country   can be   any   country   in   the   world).   You will   need to review the recent developments   on this   issue   (e.g.   the   improved   characteristics   of permeable   pavements   which   utilize   waste   tire   and   their   performances   in   mitigating   the   urban   flooding)   and   then   give   your   own   suggestions   of practical   ideas   on   the   following   aspects:   i)   How   to   assess   the   environmental   impacts   of the   permeable   pavement   which   utilize the waste tire, e.g. using life   cycle   assessment   method,   and   ii)   How   to   evaluate   the   cost   savings   associated   with   the   permeable   pavement   which   utilize   waste   tire,   e.g.   using   life cycle costing method.       [13   marks]
Question 4   [25 marks]
a)                         An   effective   flood   management   system   is   highly   crucial   to   protect   the   human   lives   and   minimize the damage on property. The current task is to investigate the legislations related   to flood management system by using a case study in one country   (this   country   can be   any   country in the world). You will need to review the recent   developments   on this   issue   (e.g.   the specific rules and regulations being established to deal with the flooding and the major implications   of these   legislations),   and   then   elucidate   your   own   suggestions   of practical   ideas   on   the   following   aspects:   i)   How   to   establish   new   legislations   in   order   to   meet   the   needs   of today’s   world,   and   ii)   How   to   improve   the   process   of response   and   recovery   to   better manage the flooding situation.          [12   marks]
b)                      Sustainable   urban   drainage   systems   (SUDS)   has   been   proven   to   be   effective   to   minimize   the      deleterious      impacts      of    urban       flooding.      In      today’s      globalized      world,      artificial   intelligence   (AI)   has   been   widely   employed   in   many   applications.   The   current   task   is   to   investigate the   implementation   of   AI   in   SUDS by using   a   case   study   in   one   country   (this   country can be any country in the world). You will need to review the   recent developments   on   this   issue   (e.g. the   types   of   AI   and   the   general   working   principles   of   the   AI)   and   then elucidate   your   own   suggestions   of practical   ideas   on   the   following   aspects:   i)   How   to   decide on an appropriate AI method to be implemented in SUDS, and ii) How to overcome   the current limitations associated with the implementation of   AI in   SUDS.      [13   marks]

         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
